it's been hectic just we look forward to
today's the first day back for that the
pleasure here so really come with it
next week to get to train the pump as
you said you man took the players first
thing today really but I met with him
all as a group different individuals we
don't meet dense there is seem to be
happy
good good no I just we listen I spoke
very frankly I told them what I expected
of them what I'd like to do the changes
that would make
responsive silhouette and there's there
have been any developments on bringing
in new players I will do be honest with
it'll be it'll be at least six or seven
new player start Reynolds isn't choose
to probably by the end of week in front
of a charge of the school because I
imagine that you're back to training on
Tuesday Marilla cope return in a season
because a lot of tourism and of unclear
and that's so far well we're just for
friendly lighting up of the majority of
ring hopefully will be done up with the
Drummond absolutely you mentioned the
Canada smaller resources of via phone
that kind of top so far because you've
been used to having maybe more resources
in your previous jobs yeah thank you all
the previous jobs that comes a bit
practically full-time so that's a that's
a big challenge and I certainly they
were small but I think that we one or
two other clubs in seminary at summer
situations a lot of clubs like Pat's
about in fact apartheid
so let it be a test and but that was
part of the challenge that attracted me
to the position you know and the fact
also that goalmouth added that I have a
clean sheet of paper a blank sheet of
blank canvas to really create and
develop the football clubs I see if
that's what the next couple years so
that's that's the exciting part right
now is probably as low as it's gonna go
you know in terms of in terms of what we
have available to us and in terms of the
infrastructure that was here and that's
all they put this but hopefully this
time next year we'll be in a much
healthier position
despite the the small budget that's in
place supporters can take a lot of kind
of satisfaction in the fact that you
have proven to have an IEP for spotting
talent there's one obvious example claim
in the Premiership of the month yeah I
think players and also playing them
which is important because you know you
gotta try and play them to attract the
attention of other people suppose you're
talking now but Sheamus Coleman yeah
generally well father Jimmy from local
football and Dunning on this final rule
which but it was Dave do you think
within a couple months of saying he
became a regular didn't work with them
as long as it would have liked but as I
was made about there was a sauce emerge
in the week this another young Bobby
would have played with Coleman when he
was younger he played to youth on Doc
you from trying to bring him here Sean
Kelly is a true there's no need
terrific news rumors there yeah well
Sean with Iran with his own owned on
Tuesday so I had a good chat
yesterday sweetener on Tuesday so he's a
player that I tracked while he was in
Scotland a lot of time before I think
he's the right age he's got a year on
this belt as apparently good player I
think it'd be a massive asset to this
football so try and get the nail bed for
the end of the week I mean you
disappoint the charm of the departures
of the $3.00 go 3 Darin and party cope
he was gone before I got here I got to
speak to Penny flowery and at the end of
the day you know I wasn't really getting
the opportunity to speak to them with
firm offers because the best days we
were still finalizing my budget the boys
made decisions to leave they made the
decisions if you don't want any part of
what we're doing here
and just from talking to your number two
Derek Garth Garmin he seems very excited
about the season head gal let's take
care if I'm not really clear it was very
very pro when his helmet spoke to me in
the potential of club and I think they
both realize it it probably has a rock
bottom line in terms of you know they
can't get any lower and huge potential
here but also schooled in the fact that
there's lots of you John parachute
haven't seen any Premier Division
football and that's at the same time
we're trying to develop relationships
with Elvis throughout the whole area I
think part of it the program process
here is to put Chloe and headed at the
top of the pyramid in college football
and then anybody young players and even
coaches you have young players who think
they can play at this level that that's
what they want to aspire to so we've got
to put a base the infrastructures and
the facilities and make sure that we're
playing football
the right style to attract the best kids
young best look for the season ahead and
thanks for having it no problem